README.md, before:

# Heroku-audit

Command-line tool for reporting on specific attributes of a Heroku environment.

## Components

- Apps
- Environment Variables
- Heroku Postgres
- Heroku Data for Redis

## Installation

- `pip install -e .`

## Usage

Note: See `heroku_audit --help` for further details.

Authentication is handled through the `$HEROKU_API_KEY` environment variable, which must be set to a valid Heroku API key.

Each components is its own sub-command, containing a number of pre-made reports. For example `heroku_audit redis maxmemory-policy noeviction` finds all Redis instances with a given [maxmemory-policy](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-redis#maxmemory-policy) ("noeviction" can be omitted to view all results).

To audit for a single team, add `--team=<team>`.

### Output Format

By default, a pretty table is output, for easy consumption by humans. `--format` can be specified to all commands to change the format:

- `table` (Default)
- `csv`
- `json`

Progress output is automatically removed when running non-interactively.

Commit message:

Add flag to list all commands

README.md, after:

# Heroku-audit

Command-line tool for reporting on specific attributes of a Heroku environment.

## Components

- Apps
- Environment Variables
- Heroku Postgres
- Heroku Data for Redis

## Installation

- `pip install -e .`

## Usage

Note: See `heroku_audit --help` for further details.

Authentication is handled through the `$HEROKU_API_KEY` environment variable, which must be set to a valid Heroku API key.

Each components is its own sub-command, containing a number of pre-made reports. For example `heroku_audit redis maxmemory-policy noeviction` finds all Redis instances with a given [maxmemory-policy](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-redis#maxmemory-policy) ("noeviction" can be omitted to view all results). `heroku_audit --list` will list all available commands.

To audit for a single team, add `--team=<team>`.

### Output Format

By default, a pretty table is output, for easy consumption by humans. `--format` can be specified to all commands to change the format:

- `table` (Default)
- `csv`
- `json`

Progress output is automatically removed when running non-interactively.
